Spack-solvable versions, add tests to Spack workflow (#2156)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/contrib/release.rst

#. Update Zenodo with authors and changelog created in previous step and submit.

> #. Make a new PR setting ``VERSION`` to the next with a trailing ``-dev``. E.g. if you just released ``3.14.15``, change ``VERSION`` to ``3.15.16-dev``. Make the number portion always consists of a 3-tuple. Shorter versions are uninstallable by Spack (``spack install arbor@0.8`` will install v0.8.1, due to anything short than a 3-tuple being interpreted as a version range). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make a new PR setting ``VERSION`` to the next with a trailing ``-dev``. E.g. if you just released ``3.14.15``, change ``VERSION`` to ``3.15.16-dev``. Make the number portion always consists of a triplr. Shorter versions are uninstallable by Spack (``spack install arbor@0.8`` will install v0.8.1, due to anything shorter than a triple being interpreted as a version range). 
```

> #. Make a new PR setting ``VERSION`` to the next with a trailing ``-dev``. E.g. if you just released ``3.14.15``, change ``VERSION`` to ``3.15.16-dev``. Make the number portion always consists of a triple. Shorter versions are uninstallable by Spack (``spack install arbor@0.8`` will install v0.8.1, due to anything shorter than a triple being interpreted as a version range). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make a new PR setting ``VERSION`` to the next with a trailing ``-dev``. E.g. if you just released ``3.14.15``, change ``VERSION`` to ``3.15.16-dev``. Make sure the number portion always consists of a triple. Shorter versions are uninstallable by Spack (``spack install arbor@0.8`` will install v0.8.1, due to anything shorter than a triple being interpreted as a version range). 
```
🤓
